hello girls I find you in
a new video so it will be for
so show you a tutorial so for
make a Christmas bonnet so the
Santa's hat or whatever so
For this you will need not to
fimo soft paste number 24 red Indian
you're going to need some nice pat
soft white zero number of what you
you serve knife knife scalpel etc
this is needed so I say I'm going
use that with a pointed toe
but with a toothpick it works too
good because I have 7 years of work
but if you have if you do not have a
toothpick will be fine and if you
want to go up as you then
so take either a python or a tv or
a flat-headed nail that you form the
loop as you want so in a
first time you will come take
your little piece of dough
red you have come to form a ball
giant and flatten this in fact you
have trained as akon in fact right now
that the code typed very loudly but you
come on take it so you go the side
flat and so you're going to come rolled it
like this has been sacked the camera
you have to ride for precisely
given this form so you attend
of course the tip what will give the
shape of the cap no we try
to equalize and received touzet and come
shoot like this so the beautiful here is you
pull the little end and in fact you
come on hop the curvet like these
so stupid so if you think that the
end is too thin where you come their
do like these and you come on
curvature simply
so here is the sequel you come
work the code simply
so you put it to one side
then you take your white that you
come and form a sausage so regular
so be you the format the hand on
you put it in your game more
what's it called but it's a number
I do not have any then so you take
your creation
you come to flatten a little bit the
edges of your body you can come
what I'm doing is that I'm from
to pass that's how this is so you
let's alert take your blood sausage and you
will come the meter around your
red code
here you cut off then mandeure
wish I hurry because I
see that I have a lot of batteries
and I'm afraid his cut
so that's so that gives you that so
you try two closed for easter
we see the junction of the mill
and so with your road vote actually
you will come scrape to do this
effect you see on lot of you buying
this sparkling effect actually like the
like cotton actually on the real
one and so I do it and I you
found immediately after that so me
here I am again texture and white
to make the facts a little cotton the
south track where came to take a ball
of white that you come to do exactly
the same thing and ouzzine has everything
simply position it at the top or
so it does not stick right away
so even if you deform a little bit
ball is not serious it is enough
simply to reform a
advice that I just gave everything to
the time when you come to do your
flange
always work leblanc before
because the red is gnawing the task the
fingers so here and so then you
come and put your spades on your python
or so you want less the occurrence
I will put it as on the other
just on the side that's right there so
So here I hope that this tutorial
will have pleased after you are not obliged to
make it fall like that you
can make him fall
as you like like those after
it's your choice
so that's so I hope this little
tutorial you will have liked I did not hesitate to
leave me comments below
of the video and I tell you to very
soon for new lease videos